how-to: source-code: import sending-patches (#73)
canonical/kernel-docs: docs/how-to/source-code/sending-patches.rst

Reviewer: Hi @gagath , thanks for this.

I will be using the same scope to review the update.

https://docs.google.com/document/d/1Wvuvj5hoA3knJu1ZrBNZoFuLA5UpwPNy-X4JAkFEDHw/edit?tab=t.0#heading=h.7py36dtzecb8

Reviewer: Please rename the file to "send-patches.rst".

> .. _sending-patches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _how-to-send-patches:
```

> Sending patches to the mailing-list
> ###################################

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to send patches to the mailing-list
#######################################
```

To send patches to the mailing-list, you should use the ``git send-email``
command.

.. note::

    Most of the options explained here do not appear in the man page of
    ``git-send-email`` but ``git-format-patch`` instead. They however work the
    same.

Specifying series
=================

> Since patches must be targeted at some series (unstable, noble, ...)
> you need to also specify this. The ``--subject-prefix`` option can be used
> in this regard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All patches must be targeted at some series (unstable, noble, ...).
Specify the targeted series with the ``--subject-prefix`` option:
```
